1 Introduction

  The new game of WarSock Entertainment called 'Empire of a Solar Sinner' has one slight problem.
  
  On low end systems the game tries to play too many sound effects at once causing a strange gurgling
  noise and a subsequent crash. Initial experiments to limit the number of sounds played at 
  once were unsatisfying as sometimes a critical sound (such as the impending destruction of a capital 
  ship) was not played in favor of a unimportant sound (a laser firing). 
  
  To solve the problem all sounds were given a priority so that the engine can decide which sound to 
  play. All that remains is a proper implementation :)          

2 Assignment

  The SoundChooser chooses which sound effects are played based upon the available channels and the 
  priority of the sound. The rules for playing sound effects are as follows:
  - If there are unused channels, then the effect is played on that channel with the lowest 
    channel number.
  - If there are no unused channels but there are channels playing lower priority effects then
    the effect on the channel playing the lowest priority sound is replaced by the higher priority 
    effect. If there are channels playing the same priority effect, the channel with the lowest
    channel number is chosen.  
  - In all other cases the sound effect is skipped.    

3 Example

  There is only one sound channel available (parallel port mono audio) :
  > play(SFX(0,Warning: Destruction Imminent))
  Channel 0 is available, so the sound effect is played on that channel.  
  > play(SFX(1,Cannot deploy here, building in progress.))
  There are no available channels (the previous effect is still playing) so this effect is skipped.
  The sound on channel 0 finishes.
  > play(SFX(1,Harkonen harvester deployed.))
  Channel 0 is available, so the sound effect is played on that channel.  
  
  There are two sound channels available:
  > play(SFX(3,Kaboom!))
  Channel 0 is available, so the sound effect is played on that channel.
  > play(SFX(4,[Background noise]))
  Channel 1 is available, so the sound effect is played on that channel.
  > play(SFX(0,Game Over))
  There are no available channels, but there are lower priority sounds playing. 
  Channel 1 is playing the lowest priority sound, so this one is replaced. 

4 Hints & Tips

  - Comparable and Comparator are your friends.
  - There is a natural order in things which you may have to sort out.
   
