 
WARNING: special rules apply!
  
In computer programming jargon, a heisenbug is a software bug that seems to
disappear or alter its behavior when one attempts to study it.[1] The term is
a pun on the name of Werner Heisenberg, the physicist who first asserted the
observer effect of quantum mechanics, which states that the act of observing
a system inevitably alters its state. In electronics the traditional term is
probe effect, where attaching a test probe to a device changes its behavior.
  
A higgs-bugson (named for the Higgs boson particle) is a bug that is
predicted to exist based upon other observed conditions (most commonly,
vaguely related log entries and anecdotal user reports) but is difficult, if
not impossible, to artificially reproduce in a development or test
environment. May also be used to reference a bug that is obvious in the code
(mathematically proven), but which cannot be seen in execution (yet difficult
or impossible to actually find in existence).
 
The brilliant scientists at the ParticleAccelerator in Nijmegen are good at
physics, but may be less so at Java. They wrote some code to detect, measure 
classify particles. When trying to find the elusive Higgs Boson, they encounter
a bug which is hard to reproduce. Sometimes one of the tests fail, sometimes 
not. One thing is for sure, if you push this software to production without 
fixing the bug, bad things will happen. Can you find the obvious bug as a 
Java Master (or at least OCP credentials...)?
  
Two classes are likely candidates; the class Particle or the ParticleAccelerator
itself, but maybe it is some obscure particle that is causing trouble. 
You can edit any underlined file. The code is a bit, ehm, 
academic: for all Particles there are prototypes with the exact values. A 
Particle is also used during detection, then an UUID is assigned. And when it is 
classified, a name gets assigned as well. The test validate if some randomly 
generated detected particles are correctly classified. 

Running a test is expensive and will cost you points, so if you are aiming for 
maximal points, don't test too much! And, as a true Heisenbug: sometimes all tests
are green even without having fixed the bug. If you submit, the bug is sure to
trigger. So make sure you are confident that you found (and fixed!) the bug 
before submitting and possibly creating a black hole or worse.
 
[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heisenbug